you
California high school football san luis
obispo hosting Cabrillo Frank
hope-filled first quarter conquistadors
facing a third on 11 at their own 33
Brett Gregory fires downfield for Jordan
Trimble but the pass is intercepted by
Nate greenhouse he cuts it back and
takes it to the main 48 guards on the
return seven to nothing st. Louis second
quarter now after a Cabrillo fumble the
Tigers roll the dice on fourth down
inside the red zone comedia semi rolls
left looking for Dante capilano and he's
got him 12 yards on the scoring pass 13
de nothing Tigers the conquistadors were
not done turning the ball over and San
Luis was not done capitalizing off those
turnovers after a botched punt Colton
Markham rushes nine yards to the goal
line the Tigers led 27 27 at that point
back home the conchs from the San Luis 9
yard line Carson link and Eddie
Hernandez clear a path for Zach Morrison
Morrison drags her defender into the end
zone Cabrillo cuts into the lead 27 14
then with less than a minute to play in
the half from the 25 Gregory pumps he
escapes the pass rush and launches the
ball downfield for a wide open Steven
French 75 yards on the scoring strike
Cabrillo closes to within a touchdown at
halftime 2720 jumped to the fourth
quarter Tigers still leading 27 to 24th
and five from the 19 oh me just semi
goes to Shawn aversano on
route aversano tips the ball to himself
and cruises into the end zone san luis
back in control of 3420 but Cabrillo
would catch fire first and 10 from their
own 38 Brett Gregory takes the shotgun
snap and rifles the ball to the far
sideline for Steven French or Vlad
French Sprint's 62 guards to the zone
conquistadors back within striking
distance down 34-27 Cabrillo would get
the ball back late in the fourth quarter
inside Tiger territory Brett Gregory
drops back looking for Rico Pacheco
pacheco struggled early but comes up big
right here with the first down next play
from the 22 plenty of time for Gregory
he fires to the end zone Jordan tremble
hauls it in the conquistadors erased a
three-touchdown deficit and with just
over a minute left in the game trailing
by one Cabrillo goes for two from the
3-yard line Brett Gregory scrambles
ranked he gets swarmed by the Tiger
defense but some help Gregory pushes the
ball to an open receiver and it counts
Chris blaze gives Cabrillo of 35 34 lead
time running out for the Tigers less
than a minute to play just semi fires
over the middle and it's caught Dante
capilano powers his way to the Cabrillo
40-yard line
a string of conquistador penalties moved
the ball to the 15-yard line with 12
seconds to play Oh meet Jess Emmy takes
the snap heroes left and fires to the
end zone for mate greenhouse and green
else makes the catch touchdown Tigers
San Luis retakes the lead with just a
few ticks left on the clock 4235 San
Luis stuns Cabrillo in a thriller we
deserve this when we work we worked our
butts off so hard for this win and uh
you know I had no doubt my mom when I
step on that field that we were gonna
swarm touchdown to win this game we
worked all week to improve our defense
because the past it's been our weak
point and all week we focused on that
and paid off oh we could practice
village to sit like for the situation
where we'd be down and we need to come
back and win it best feeling ever I mean
there's nothing to be the feeling
you